.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

# Test Actions Monorepo - Pull Request
<!--- Please remove all comments prior to opening the pull request with this template --->

## Proposed Changes
<!--- Describe the big picture of your changes here to communicate to the maintainers why this pull request should be accepted. If it fixes a bug or resolves a feature request, be sure to link to that issue. --->

## Pull request type
***Important***: See [the **conventional-commit-types** `index.json`](https://github.com/commitizen/conventional-commit-types/blob/master/index.json) for a list of commit types.
<!-- Please try to limit your pull request to one type, submit multiple pull requests if needed. --> 

What types of changes does your code introduce? 
_Put an `x` in the boxes that apply_
- [ ] Bugfix                    `fix`
- [ ] Feature                   `feat`
- [ ] Documentation             `docs`
- [ ] Style/Formatting          `style`
- [ ] Refactor                  `refactor`
- [ ] Performance               `perf`
- [ ] Test                      `test`
- [ ] Build system              `build`
- [ ] Continuous Integrations   `ci`
- [ ] Other changes             `chore`
- [ ] Revert a previous commit  `revert`

## Related issues
Are there any related issues?
<!-- Please include the URL to the related issue(s). -->
**Issue URL(s)**:

Commit message:

feat(asset): commitlint config and PR template

.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

# Test Actions Monorepo - Pull Request
<!--- Please remove all comments prior to opening the pull request with this template --->

## Items required before submitting the pull request
1. A very clear and concise title
2. The **why** is this PR happening? What is it fixing or improving?
    - Describe the big picture of your changes here to communicate to the maintainers why this pull request should be accepted.
3. Proper **label** - Select the `type:` label that best describes the changes
    - Use [one of the **commit types** from this list](https://github.com/rwaight/test-actions/blob/main/assets/commitlint.config.js).

## Why are you opening this PR?
<!--- What are the proposed changes? --->
<!--- In your own words, describe the big picture of your changes here. --->


## Related issues
<!--- Are there any related issues? --->
<!--- Please include the URL to the related issue(s). If the PR fixes a bug or resolves a feature request, be sure to link to that issue. --->
**Issue URL(s)**:
